Interview with John Doe’s ex girlfriend
Her: Yes. Yes, I remember him.
     OH, shoo! (swats a bee away, closes the door)
     Crafty little buggers aren’t they?
     As I was saying, yes, I remember him fondly.
     He was a fine man… A boy, but a fine man none the less.
     They all were in there own right, full of confidence and charm…
     You should’ve seen the way they went to practice,
     laughing and smiling, all walking together like brothers.
     Why just the sight of it could brighten anybody’s day, and I recon it did!
     The whole campus was affected by their presence,
     these “Golden Storms” even off the field!
     (She laughs) Oh and the way they could melt a gal~ They defined Dreamy, lemme tell yah.
     Those chiseled features, those broad shoulders, their toned a(trails off)
     But I know you didn’t come all the way here for that! (another laugh)
     (a short moment passes) John (spoken like sighing) Obviously he was my favorite.
     Suppose he knew it too. Afraid I can’t recall when we started dating exactly,
     but I remember I liked it. He was gentle, surprisingly gentle for a quarterback.
     Around most people he was all jokes and toughness, but with me…
     Shame I didn’t keep up with him. Shame I wasn’t allowed.
     The day he didn’t show up to our first class, well, my First class, I knew something was wrong.
     That’s where we met, night school, an English class if memory serves.
     He never missed it~
     I asked around, talked to his teammates, to his coaches. They all shrugged me off!
     Not a single straight answer! The nerve, I can still remember my frustration. Or was it fear?
     One of his teammates pulled me aside after a while and threatened me,
     told me to stop putting my nose where it doesn’t belong.
     I’d of reported it but who would believe my word over his stardom?
     Hell, if the same were to happen today,
     an adored team of football players garnering massive success vs a members ex’s lone conviction…
     So I stopped digging. Figured the cops would handle it, and I’d see my Jonny soon enough.
     Sad thing is, soon enough never happened. You’d think they’d have at least interviewed me.
     You’d think they would of called, or sent me a letter, or gotten in contact with me at some point but no!
     Nothing... Nothing. Needless to say, Nobody found poor old John Doe. Nobody cared.
     Not even me, eventually. And I haven’t ever since. Some answers just aren’t worth knowing…
     (a longer pause) Well, that was it. Haven’t seen him since. Was that enough?

Me: That was plenty.
